Prepare 6.0.6 (#3756)
realm/realm-core: CHANGELOG.md

# 6.0.6 Release notes

### Fixed
* Fixed opening Realms on Apple devices where the file resided on a filesystem that does not support preallocation, such as ExFAT. ([cocoa-6508](https://github.com/realm/realm-cocoa/issues/6508)).

> * Fixed wrong initialization of (part of) the Table accessor. ([#3701](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/3701)). This bug may have caused a faulty file format upgrade to v6 or v10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When performing a file format upgrade to v6 or v10 the realm file could become corrupt. ([#3701](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/3701)). 
```
Could it become corrupt?
How could that be observed?
